[FIX] allow using a list of `sample_mask` in `MultiNiftiMapsMasker.fit_transform` (#3971)
nilearn/nilearn: doc/changes/latest.rst

Fixes
-----

> - Fix bug in :func:`~transform_imgs` of ``MultiNiftiMapsMasker`` and ``MultiNiftiLabelsMasker`` that would raise an error if a list of ``sample_mask`` was specified to :func:`~fit_transform` (:gh:`3971` by `Alexandre Cionca`_).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix bug in method ``transform_imgs`` of :class:`~maskers.MultiNiftiMapsMasker` and :class:`~maskers.MultiNiftiLabelsMasker` that would raise an error if a list of ``sample_mask`` was specified to ``fit_transform`` (:gh:`3971` by `Alexandre Cionca`_).
```
